Update the testing page (#8934)
kubernetes/kops: docs/development/testing.md

# Testing

## Unit and integration tests

Unit and integration tests can be run using  `go test`

To run all tests:
```

> go test ./...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go test -v ./...
```

```

### Adding an integration test

> The integration tests takes a cluster spec and builds cloudformation/terraform templates. To add a new integration test, create a new directory in `tests/integration/update_cluster/` and put the cluster spec in `in-v1alpha2.yaml`. Use a unique cluster name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The integration tests takes a cluster spec and builds cloudformation/terraform templates. For new functionality, consider adding it to the `complex.example.com` cluster unless it conflicts with existing functionality in that cluster. To add a new integration test, create a new directory in `tests/integration/update_cluster/` and put the cluster spec in `in-v1alpha2.yaml`. Use a unique cluster name.
```

Then edit `./cmd/kops/integration_test.go` and add the test function with the cluster name and directory from above.

> Lastly run `hack/update-expected` to generate the expected output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lastly run `./hack/update-expected.sh` to generate the expected output.
```

## Kubernetes e2e testing

### Preparing the environment

The easiest way to run the Kubernetes e2e tests is to install the `kubetest` binary from test-infra.

See [e2e-tests](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-testing/e2e-tests.md) for instructions how to install and general usage of the utility.

You can see https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/config/jobs/kubernetes/kops/ the various jobs that are periodically run against kops.
The container arguments for each of the jobs are the ones passed to `kubetest`.

Following the examples below, kubetest will download artifacts such as a given Kubernetes build. Therefore you probably want to run `kubetest` from a directory dedicated for this purpose.

### Running against an existing cluster

> If you want `kubetest` to run spin up and tear down the cluster on every run, you can run something like the following to re-use an existing cluster.

Reviewer 2: this sentence is a bit confusing
```suggestion
You can run something like the following to have `kubetest` re-use an existing cluster.
```

> This assumes you have already built the kops binary from source.

Reviewer 2: i think kops' `make bazel-build-cli` puts the binary in `./bazel-bin/cmd/kops/$GOOS_$GOARCH_pure_stripped/kops` so maybe its worth at least mentioning something like that.

```suggestion
This assumes you have already built the kops binary from source. The exact path to the `kops` binary used in the `--kops` flag may differ.
```

```
GINKGO_PARALLEL=y kubetest --test --test_args="--ginkgo.skip=\[Slow\]|\[Serial\]|\[Disruptive\]|\[Flaky\]|\[Feature:.+\]|\[HPA\]|Dashboard|Services.*functioning.*NodePort" --provider=aws --deployment=kops --cluster=my.testcluster.com --kops-state=${KOPS_STATE_STORE} --kops ${GOPATH}/bin/kops --extract=ci/latest
```

Note the `--extract` flag is only needed on first run or whenever you want to update the kubernetes build. You can omit this flag to run against the already extacted tree on subsequent runs. Just `cd` into the `kubernetes` directory first.

### Running against a new cluster

> By adding the `--up` flag, `kubetest` will also spin up a new cluster. In most cases, you also need to add a few additional flags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By adding the `--up` flag, `kubetest` will spin up a new cluster. In most cases, you also need to add a few additional flags. See `kubetest --help 2>&1 | grep kops` for the full list.
```
